[SWOOSHING]
[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're at an undisclosed
location with Tim.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
who analyzes and suggests
various strategies
in relation to extraterrestrial
groups and contact with Earth.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>> Thank you very much.
>> Tim, are the Greys working
or in contact with any
governments?
And what time frame are we
talking about historically?
>> So people are often confusing
two species that have some
relationship together, but are
not one in the same species.
When we're talking about Roswell
and Corona, New Mexico in 1947,
there were some Grey
beings in that crash.
And there are different
descriptions to them
that occur in media and
as well as in research.
And I think that
people are mistaking
those beings were lying
on the Mexican desert
and screaming in
pain with the Greys.
The beings that at that
time crashed in New Mexico
have been called Eben,
which includes the part
biological being, while as
the Greys have developed
bodies that are artificial.
So the Greys cannot feel any
pain because they have those
fiber-structured artificial
puppets that they are using
for exploring different
parts of the universe,
while as the Ebens,
as a biological being,
they suffer and they feel
and they have all that.
The Greys have developed beyond
the capability of feeling
heavy emotions and pain, which
they thought at one point
would hinder their
evolution, because love
can bring certain problems, I
mean, broken heart or hostility
and rivalry and those things.
And they try to overcome
those challenges by just
getting rid of all that.
They pretty much
evolved superficially.
They do not reproduce,
while I'm not
100 percent sure if the
Ebens reproduce biologically,
but I think that they do,
while as the Greys do not.
They do not have sex.
They do not have
that kind of taste.
And they also do not dream.
Those are experiences
that they eliminated
from their experience, which
makes things a little easier
in some ways, but also makes
them a lot more denaturalized
compared to a biological being.
>> Do you consider the Greys
and advanced AI or robotic type
of being?
>> I would agree maybe on
the robotic thing in terms
of the body that they
are using is superficial,
whereas humans and many, many
other species have biological
bodies.
The interesting thing is that
the biological body, even
if it's not acknowledged by
humans, the biological body
has some kind of very specific
and individual intelligence.
And when the communication is
correct between body, mind,
and soul, naturally a super
potent and interesting
connection can occur.
And while the Greys only
saw the disadvantages,
they got rid of
the body, I think--
and this is my theory--
because people get so scared
when they see those Greys,
I've always wondered
why that is.
And it is scary.
It feels like when
you're close to the Greys
that your whole body receives a
frequency that the body reacts
to in fear, anxiety
of something.
And I think that as
this biological being,
this biological body has a
very individual and subjective
intelligence to it,
and also memory, it
might recognize that
this species has killed
their own bodies,
which makes it kind
of a threat or danger
to the existence
of the own biological body.
This is my theory.
I don't know if it's
that, but I've always
wondered why it feels so
uncomfortable around them.
And I think that might
be the reason why.
Just in the same reason
why people freak out
when they see a spider or
something or an insect,
and even if it's totally not
harmful and not dangerous,
they freak out.
It's just, oh my god,
there's a spider.
Ooh, this shiver that
runs over your body.
And insects are way--
they have this way bigger
biological mass on this planet.
They have so many
more individual units
compared to humans.
And I think that is something
that the body picks up
on and reacts that way.
It's just my theory.
>> There's been a lot of ET
contact reported ever since we
detonated the atomic bomb.
And how much of these contacts
are from the Greys or Ebens?
And what was it about
the bomb that attracted
so much attention from them?
>> So as much as I
understand of the Ebens,
they are a lot less invasive
compared to the Greys.
The Greys are pretty much not
respecting boundaries at all.
You can say that, while the
Ebens, even in the first place,
were a lot more observative
and a lot more noninvasive
compared to the Greys.
In the time on when the
first Ebens appeared
in Corona, Mexico and
Roswell, New Mexico,
some kind of relationship
between the military
or the Earth people
and the Ebens began.
And it seems as
if the Ebens have
helped a lot talking about
technology and other stuff.
I also think that the Ebens
are way less militarized
compared to the Greys.
We also know that Greys and
Ebens have been in conflict
for a very, very long time.
And to my understanding, it
is why the Ebens and the Greys
share some kind of lineage.
While, as we know,
the Greys always
reach back to their breed or
to their previous versions
and try to erase
memory, I think that was
something that was in conflict
with what the Ebens actually
want.
They want to be alive and
develop independently.
That is my understanding to
this very long, intense conflict
between Ebens and Greys
that occurred and lasted,
to my knowledge,
several thousand years.
>> Can you describe some
physiological traits of both
the Greys and the Ebens?
>> So when we're talking
about the fiberglass,
typical greyish Grey--
and I need to add to
that that this species is
evolving quickly, very quickly.
So in every second, they
are changing and modifying
in such a rapid speed
that it's really hard
to keep up with that.
The Ebens as a biological
being are putting more weight
on a more natural
approach to evolution,
although they are also
manipulating genetics
and working on that and using
technology and wisdom in order
to manipulate their
own evolution.
But they have a different
approach to that.
The Ebens, as I am aware,
are bigger in size.
And they have
anatomical features,
for example, a nose and a
functioning digestive track,
whereas the Greys
in the puppet form,
they seem to be energized by
some kind of other technology
other than eating and
drinking and digesting,
which makes it easier for
them to go on missions far
beyond what the Ebens
would be capable of.
>> So what about the head size
and the height differences
between the Greys and the Ebens?
And how tall would
each of them be
if they were standing
right next to you?
>> There are bigger Greys that
are stronger and more capable
of combat situation.
And those are some kind
of warrior class to them.
They have different
other personnel
that varies in size
and body features.
So I would say the
Greys pretty much,
I don't know, maybe that
big, whereas the Ebens
are a meter and a half in size.
If I compare them
in my memory, I
would say that the Ebens
have the bigger head.
They also tend to have
a more rounded head,
whereas the Greys have a
more almond size of head.
And the Greys have
no body openings.
And they lost some body
features, no navel--
I don't know, the Ebens don't
have navels, too, but nothing,
no ears, no nostril, no nose.
>> Do they wear uniforms?
Or were they naked?
>> The Ebens wear a uniform.
I don't know if this
is what they appeared
in the first place, like 1947.
But nowadays, they do
wear some kind of uniform.
It's like some kind of overall.
The Greys do not.
They do not wear a visual
overall or something.
They have some kind
of, some kind of cover
around the body, which
is crystal clear.
You can look through it.
>> Is the covering a
tight-fitting one-piece or is
it not visible at all?
>> It's super tight fitting.
It's more like a film or
something, transparent film
that is on the
skin of the Greys.
>> What about their eyes?
>> The Greys, they
don't have eyelids,
while the Ebens do have eyelids.
Don't quote me on that.
I might be mistaken.
But I think that
is one difference
between those species.
The technology the Greys
use for the eyes, which
can see a lot more
frequencies and receive
a lot more information, seems
to be different and more
superficial, artificial
than the eyes of the Ebens,
which I think even has
some kind of eyeball.
>> There were some exchange
programs between humans
and the Greys or Ebens.
Are you aware of that?
>> I think that the Ebens are in
close contact with Earth people
and that a small number of
Ebens is located somewhere here
on this planet in order to
guide and help, inspire,
and give tactical information
for the people on Earth.
>> In your
professional capacity,
you've been in contact with
the Greys and not the Ebens?
>> I had only one incident
with what would be called Eben.
And I've only looked into
those files in relationship
to the Greys and because of
their very long and heavy
conflict with them,
which seems to be over.
They're in peace now.
>> If the Greys are involved
with countries worldwide
and some of these countries
seem to be in opposition to one
another, how does that play out?
>> I think one of the strategies
that the Greys brought
into this Earthly context
was to balance out military
advancements.
The reason why
different countries
have nuclear atomic
bombs and the reason why
different countries
have certain crafts
that the Germans
in the first place
were building and pretty
much had around 1947--
we already mentioned
this incident
with Admiral Byrd
in 1947 which shows
that there are those crafts.
And although the Greys
were pretty aware
that things could turn
out badly when technology
is too heavily put upon
Earth, and they were warning
a lot about technology,
at some point or another,
they found that it's better
to build a strategic balancing
instead of shutting down
and taking the weapons away
from people.
>> From your experience, their
involvement with different
nations is to balance dynamics
on the planet or to instigate
challenges?
>> I've never heard about an
incident where the Greys did
some provocative action for fun.
I know that here and
there, they did things
pretty invasive in and shaky and
bringing things into disbalance
in order to bring disruptive
energy to timelines
or something.
But I don't think,
while there are
some species that poke
things just for fun,
the Greys wouldn't do that.
If they bring
something in disorder,
it's because they think that
the energy that is kicking in
brings things more
into their direction
and into their advantages.
>> There has been many reports
of cow mutilation stories.
Is that some government
experiment attributed to ETs?
Or is it actually ETs?
>> So I know that the Greys
was testing some noninvasive
technology on some
animals on this planet.
But I'm not aware of any kind
of mutilation whatsoever.
I've seen some videos recently
that shows walking cows
that are opened up on one side.
And you can see all the
organs and no blood.
The cow is still alive.
This just don't fit
the way the Greys move.
It's not their signature.
I don't think that.
But I don't know.
I think that the
Greys very rarely
speak about their own mistakes.
So I'm not sure.
>> Tim, who's doing that?
>> Good question, and why?
It might create
some kind of fear
around the phenomenon of UFOs.
And that might be a reason.
But I've no idea
who's doing that.
>> Ebens interact
with humans, military,
and government groups.
Greys interact with the
same types of groups.
Are they in opposition
to each other?
>> I think that Ebens in the
first place didn't want to be
in direct contact with humans.
I think they had more of this
observation mission going
on, being not directly
and invasively contacting
governments or militaries.
I think that this is a
different approach compared
to what the Greys have done.
But once they were in
contact with people,
I think that they were pretty
benevolent and very gently
guiding and helping
human people,
whereas the connection
to the Greys
is more focused on technology
and what can people
gain from that.
>> Did the previous rivalry
between Ebens and Greys result
in some fight for
control on Earth?
>> No, I think the war between
the Ebens and Greys were pretty
direct.
They had some terrible
losses and a lot
of destruction going on.
I don't think that there was
direct war-like scenarios
on Earth between Ebens and
Greys, even though I think--
and this is my theory--
that the Greys played a
little wingman game in order
to bring Ebens in contact
with Earth people, like hey,
you know, you know those guys?
Here, here you go.
>> When the Greys contact
governments or military forces
and then when they contact
humans who are seemingly
insignificant in terms
of being influential,
are those two different
contact agendas?
Or are they one and the same?
>> I think the Greys did a lot
of effort in order to contact
humanity and always have and
always will have the same
agenda going on in order to
evolve into a very stable
next-generation being and
then getting rid of every old
memory.
And through that, they
have this approach
to hands-on solve every paradox
there is in the universe.
So this is a very
dedicated mission over--
they have probably the
longest period of evolution
known to the universe yet.
>> Who's interacting with our
human influencers the most?
Is it the Greys or the Ebens?
>> I think there's a big chaos
of influences on this planet.
There are so many
species directly,
nondirectly, frequential
beings, interdimensional beings.
Everything is in some way or
another connecting to somebody.
And so it's not very easy to
say who has the most contact.
I think the Greys are pretty
nonchalant, so to speak.
They just go for it, whereas
other beings are more
observing the deer from
distance and holding
the bread as long as necessary
until the deer comes.
And they'll just go for it.
>> Tim, what's your overall
impression about all this
contact with the
Greys with humanity?
>> I can totally understand why
being in contact with the Greys
is something that
can frighten people.
I can totally understand that.
I have also learned myself
and through all the reports
that I have come
across that being
able to reflect on it, on every
encounter and every interaction
with them, that it never
has been that bad as it
felt in the first place.
So I think that--
and I wouldn't have spent
so much time with them
if I didn't feel that way.
I feel like that
their mission is
worthy in some ways or
another to the universe.
A species that has experienced
that amount of trauma
in the first place and given
so much energy and dedication
into healing that, even
though it's, I know,
not very smoothly
and passionate,
compassionately
ruled out and done,
I think that this
kind of species
deserves rest and cure,
just as every other species
in the universe.
>> Do you feel we're
part of their healing?
>> Yes, totally, 100%.
>> And what way are we
part of their healing?
>> In the way that this
species at some point has been
so isolated, and if you put
it down in terms of humanity,
has experienced such a loss
of friendship that I think
the approach humans can have
as being friends to another,
that this can be something very
healing and very beneficial
to them.
That's my approach to them.
>> As you describe
their isolation,
you almost seem
emotional about it.
Why?
>> I'm very emotional about
it, because I felt their pain
and having this impression of
being so alone in the universe
and being so convinced that
there's no one out there
and it's all an illusion
and there's nothing.
If you compare that
to the impression
that other beings
have, which say,
all right, OK, we're
all one, but, I mean,
we are one on so many
beautiful ways, in every way
we can interact with each
other, in so many ways,
and we've never been alone.
We never will be alone.
And at every point of our
existence, we be our own homes.
We be our own friends.
We give all the love
we want to each other.
And we embrace ourselves by
this compassion and that love.
That's heavy.
>> Tim, thank you so much
for being on the show.
>> Thanks for having
this conversation.
>> I'm Emery Smith.
And this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
>> Next on "Cosmic Disclosure"--
>> What are some of the examples
of these ET technologies?
>> There's the technology that
sends signals to the body,
knows where to repair
and how to repair,
and then accelerate
the speed of healing.
>> What other medical
technologies do you know about?
>> The most impressive thing
was a vibrational plate.
And it repairs the field of
frequency inside of your body,
could substitute any coffee
that is used in this world.
>> What type of technologies
have you seen in the field
of communications?
>> From the Greys, they are
using this interconnected
communication network that
goes all over the universe.
I'm pretty optimistic
that we have
huge, wondrous, interesting
science and technology coming
in the next one or two years.
[WHOOSHING]